doc: known_issues: Add NCS 2.7 sysbuild known issues (#16506)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`app_build_system`.

> .. rst-class:: v2-7-0
> 
> NCSDK-28462: When using sysbuild, MCUboot signing configuration cannot be updated in an already configured project.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Perform a pristine build to change any of the MCUboot signing configuration, do not update it using ``menuconfig`` and instead provide it on the command line when configuring the application if it needs setting manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-7-0

NCSDK-28462: <ADD TITLE>
  When using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild`, the MCUboot signing configuration cannot be updated in an already configured project.

  **Workaround:** Perform a :ref:`pristine build <zephyr:west-building-pristine>` to change any of the MCUboot signing configuration. Do not update it using menuconfig and instead provide it on the command line when configuring the application if it needs setting manually.
```

Author: Fixed

>   **Workaround:** Perform a pristine build to change any of the MCUboot signing configuration, do not update it using ``menuconfig`` and instead provide it on the command line when configuring the application if it needs setting manually.

Reviewer: What about guiconfig and nRF Kconfig GUI? Please mention them too.

Also, according to https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/config_and_build/configuring_app/kconfig/index.html#temporary_kconfig_changes using menuconfig is equivalent to using command line, so "do not update it using ``menuconfig`` and instead provide it on the command line" in your line is contradictory.

Author: They are not equivalent, if you configure a project and use a command line option, it will generate the initial configuration with that set, if you use menuconfig etc. then you are changing the configuration that is already set, that is the problem because once a project is configured then this part is stuck

Reviewer: By "use a command line option", you mean using the CMake option `-Dname_of_Kconfig=value`?

Author: yes

Reviewer: Then I suggest replacing `provide it on the command line` with:
```
:ref:`provide it on the command line <cmake_options>`
```
For the sake of completeness, please mention guiconfig and nRF Kconfig GUI next to menuconfig.

Author: Fixed

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0

> NCSDK-28461: When using sysbuild and a partition manager file, partition manager configuration for things such as MCUboot signing will not be updated if the partition manager configuration is changed in an already configured project.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Perform a pristine build after changing configuration in partition manager files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-28461: <ADD TITLE>
  When using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` and a :ref:`partition_manager` file, the Partition Manager configuration for things such as MCUboot signing will not be updated if the Partition Manager configuration is changed in an already configured project.

  **Workaround:** Perform a :ref:`pristine build <zephyr:west-building-pristine>` after changing configuration in Partition Manager files.
```

Author: Fixed

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0

> NCSDK-28451: When building an application using sysbuild with a static partition file specified via ``PM_STATIC_YML_FILE`` with a relative path, the relative path will be relative to the sysbuild folder in zephyr, not the application configuration directory and the file will silently be ignored.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Use an absolute path when specifying this and ensure that the output when configuring a project shows the file as being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-28451: <ADD TITLE>
  When building an application using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` with a :ref:`static partition file <ug_pm_static_providing>` specified using ``PM_STATIC_YML_FILE`` with a relative path, the relative path will be relative to the sysbuild folder in Zephyr, not to the application configuration directory, and the file will silently be ignored.

  **Workaround:** Use an absolute path when specifying the static partition file and ensure that the output shows the file as being used.
```

Author: Fixed
